License Manager

Optimizes the organization's investment on the enterprise software licensing.

It provides a license management hub of entire software life cycle from managing software requests, monitoring the usage of deployed applications, allocating appropriate licensing to the devices and tracking the usage of the software licensing expenditure.

Stakeholder across organizations Finance Management, IT Operations, Procurement Security have the ability to monitor & manage application usage through mobiles, laptops, desktops & cloud.

This application provides single console to show all the usages of software products from Microsoft, Oracle, SAP, etc. Through effective, hassel free & real time licensing management service this application provides a significant cost savings to the organization.

Possible Upgrades:
1. Functionalities to capture upgrades & downgrades of softwares.

License managers protect software vendors from losses due to software piracy and enable end-user organizations to comply with software license agreements. License managers enable software vendors to offer a wide range of usage-centric software licensing models, such as product activation, trial licenses, subscription licenses, feature-based licenses, and floating licensing from the same software package they provide to all users.

A license manager is different from a software asset management tool, which end-user organizations employ to manage the software they have licensed from many software vendors. However, some software asset management tools include license manager functions. These are used to reconcile software licenses and installed software, and generally include device discovery, software inventory, license compliance, and reporting functions.

The primary benefits of these software management tools are that they greatly reduce the difficulty, cost, and time required for reporting and can increase operational transparency in order to prevent litigation costs associated with software misuse.